Proper aggregation of istio metrics using prometheus federation (#9700)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/monitoring/05-04-production-profile.md

 Parameter  | Description | Default profile| Production profile | Local profile|
|-----------|-------------|----------------|--------------------|--------------|
| **prometheus.prometheusSpec.retentionSize** | Maximum number of bytes that storage blocks can use. The oldest data will be removed first. | `2GB` | `15GB` | `256MB` |

> | **prometheus.prometheusSpec.retention** | Specifies a period for which Prometheus stores the metrics. |`1d`| `30d` | `2h`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **prometheus.prometheusSpec.retention** | Time period for which Prometheus stores the metrics. |`1d`| `30d` | `2h`|
```

| **prometheus.prometheusSpec.storageSpec.volumeClaimTemplate.spec.resources.requests.storage** | Amount of storage requested by the Prometheus Pod. |`10Gi`| `20Gi` | `1Gi` |
| **prometheus.prometheusSpec.resources.limits.cpu** | Maximum number of CPUs available for the Prometheus Pod to use. | `600m`| `1` | `150m`|
| **prometheus.prometheusSpec.resources.limits.memory** | Maximum amount of memory available for the Prometheus Pod to use. |`2Gi` | `3Gi` |`800Mi`|
| **prometheus.prometheusSpec.resources.requests.cpu** |  Number of CPUs requested by the Prometheus Pod to operate.| `200m`| `300m` | `100m` |
| **prometheus.prometheusSpec.resources.requests.memory** | Amount of memory requested by the Prometheus Pod to operate. | `600Mi`| `1Gi` | `200Mi` |
| **alertmanager.alertmanagerSpec.retention** | Time period for which Alertmanager retains data.| `120h` | `240h` | `1h` |

> | **grafana.persistence.enabled**| Storing grafana database on a PersistentVolume?|`true`|`true`|`false`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **grafana.persistence.enabled**| Parameter that enables storing Grafana database on a PersistentVolume |`true`|`true`|`false`|
```
